---
layout: post
title:  "5차 과제"
---

**기본 설정**

파이썬 3.7 이상을 요구한다.

import sys
assert sys.version_info >= (3, 7)

사이킷런 1.0.1 이상을 요구한다.

import sklearn
assert sklearn.__version__ >= "1.0.1"

다음은 이미지에 포함된 폰트 크기를 설정한다.

import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
plt.rc('font', size=14)
plt.rc('axes', labelsize=14, titlesize=14)
plt.rc('legend', fontsize=14)
plt.rc('xtick', labelsize=10)
plt.rc('ytick', labelsize=10)

### 3. Tackle the Titanic dataset

Exercise: _Tackle the Titanic dataset. A great place to start is on [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic). Alternatively, you can download the data from https://homl.info/titanic.tgz and unzip this tarball like you did for the housing data in Chapter 2. This will give you two CSV files: _train.csv_ and _test.csv_ which you can load using `pandas.read_csv()`. The goal is to train a classifier that can predict the `Survived` column based on the other columns._

Let's fetch the data and load it:

from pathlib import Path
import pandas as pd
import tarfile
import urllib.request
def load_titanic_data():
    tarball_path = Path("datasets/titanic.tgz")
    if not tarball_path.is_file():
        Path("datasets").mkdir(parents=True, exist_ok=True)
        url = "https://github.com/ageron/data/raw/main/titanic.tgz"
        urllib.request.urlretrieve(url, tarball_path)
        with tarfile.open(tarball_path) as titanic_tarball:
            titanic_tarball.extractall(path="datasets")
    return [pd.read_csv(Path("datasets/titanic") / filename)
            for filename in ("train.csv", "test.csv")]
            
train_data, test_data = load_titanic_data()

The data is already split into a training set and a test set. However, the test data does *not* contain the labels: your goal is to train the best model you can using the training data, then make your predictions on the test data and upload them to Kaggle to see your final score.

Let's take a peek at the top few rows of the training set:

train_data.head()

The attributes have the following meaning:
* **PassengerId**: a unique identifier for each passenger
* **Survived**: that's the target, 0 means the passenger did not survive, while 1 means he/she survived.
* **Pclass**: passenger class.
* **Name**, **Sex**, **Age**: self-explanatory
* **SibSp**: how many siblings & spouses of the passenger aboard the Titanic.
* **Parch**: how many children & parents of the passenger aboard the Titanic.
* **Ticket**: ticket id
* **Fare**: price paid (in pounds)
* **Cabin**: passenger's cabin number
* **Embarked**: where the passenger embarked the Titanic

